what's good YouTube I got a new pickup
for you guys I just got these shipped in
today the lebron 9 cannons i know that
there's a couple vids out on that
already but uh just got these shipped in
so first of all LJ with the King King
James this is the box obviously lebron 9
they can't the colorway is a cannon volt
slate blue team orange a RC o whatever
the hell that is volt blurred in keene
watch again alright so on these are size
13 golf both places in for you great
shoes alright so here we go so um first
of all you got your soft carbon fiber
right here or yeah and you got your
bowls wish really pops out it's got kind
of like a 3d effect oh you got your
speckled blues in the midsole this is
the 180 bag or whatever you got a little
bit of fly wire right here got the new
logo on the back carbon fiber whoops
about the carbon fiber right here yeah
alright so i'm going to show you guys
what they look like on the feet they
look hot all right here we go
oh yeah before I do that I'm not going
to repo story on video my aurion sevens
because they're pretty beat I said that
these would be beaters and that is
exactly what they are the quality is you
know okay if you just looking for an
everyday shoe but um you know you know
they're okay so if you can get them for
really good price then take them but
anyways back to the cannons here we go
alright these aren't laced all the way
up but just for the video sake just
going to do this I'll just talk a min
for the video I guess
alright so these are what they look like
on top like if you were looking down
really nice really really nice just
giving my camera a little time to focus
art
alright so um yeah on these again are at
least all the way up these are more like
a loud you know like they kind of like
screaming if you were to see them but um
if also if you guys can pick this up for
you know a good retail I actually got
these for retail um i wouldn't pay like
350 for him from the good shoes you know
they're really nice this was my
christmas gift so um yeah hopefully I'll
have some more videos up also you guys
like my drawing videos I don't know if
there's anybody out there that does that
but um tell me what you guys think of
those if you want more so I'm comment
rate subscribe and tell me what you
think of these before I go I would just
say if you guys can get these for good
price definitely pick them up don't
sleep on them um yep so I'll see you
later happy new year